Massive update documentation for PowerSimulations (#1099)
NREL-Sienna/PowerSimulations.jl: docs/src/formulation_library/General.md

**Impact of different cost configurations:**

> The following table describes all possible configuration of the `StorageCost` with the target constraint in hydro or storage device models. Cases 1(a) & 2(a) will have no impact of the models operations and the target constraint will be rendered useless. In most cases that have no energy target and a non-zero value for ``C^{value}``, if this cost is too high (``C^{value} >> 0``) or too low (``C^{value} <<0``) can result in either the model holding on to stored energy till the end or the model not storing any energy in the device. This is caused by the fact that when energy target is zero, we have ``E_t = - E^{shortage}_t``, and ``- E^{shortage}_t * C^{value}`` in the objective function is replaced by ``E_t * C^{value}``, thus resulting in ``C^{value}`` to be seen as the cost of stored energy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes all possible configurations of the `StorageCost` with the target constraint in hydro or storage device models. Cases 1(a) & 2(a) will not impact the model's operations, and the target constraint will be rendered useless. In most cases that have no energy target and a non-zero value for ``C^{value}``, if this cost is too high (``C^{value} >> 0``) or too low (``C^{value} <<0``) can result in either the model holding on to stored energy till the end of the model not storing any energy in the device. This is caused by the fact that when the energy target is zero, we have ``E_t = - E^{shortage}_t``, and ``- E^{shortage}_t * C^{value}`` in the objective function is replaced by ``E_t * C^{value}``, thus resulting in ``C^{value}`` to be seen as the cost of stored energy.
```
